OCR example (#6560)
rerun-io/rerun: examples/python/ocr/README.md

    rr.Boxes2D(
        array=detection['box'],
        array_format=rr.Box2DFormat.XYXY,
        class_ids=[str(layout_type.number)]
    ),
    rr.AnyValues(
        DetectionID=detection['id'],
        Text=detection['text'],
        Confidence=detection['confidence']
    ),
    timeless=True
)
```

### Setting up the blueprint

The blueprint for this example is created by the following code:

```python
rr.send_blueprint(rrb.Blueprint(
        rrb.Vertical(
            rrb.Horizontal(
                rrb.Spatial2DView(name="Layout", origin='Image/', contents=["Image/**"] + detections_paths),
                rrb.Spatial2DView(name="Detections", contents=["Image/**"]),
                rrb.TextDocumentView(name="Recovery", contents='Recovery')
            ),
            rrb.Horizontal(
                *tabs
            ),
            row_shares=[4, 3],
        ),
        collapse_panels=True,
    )
)
```

## Run the code
To run this example, make sure you have the Rerun repository checked out and the latest SDK installed:
```bash
pip install --upgrade rerun-sdk  # install the latest Rerun SDK
git clone git@github.com:rerun-io/rerun.git  # Clone the repository
cd rerun

> git checkout latest  # Check out the commit matching the latest SDK release

Reviewer: github's suggestion feature broke this now

Author: Should I include this?

Install the necessary libraries specified in the requirements file:
```bash
pip install -e examples/python/ocr
```

<img width="1440" alt="image" src="https://github.com/rerun-io/rerun/assets/49308613/4de40376-e1e5-43d1-ac9a-e5f6b164d2ea">

The classification of layouts and the text detection (including confidence levels) are visualized in the Rerun viewer.
Finally, the recovery text document section presents the restored document with sorted order. By clicking on the restored text, the text area will be highlighted.

## Logging and visualizing with Rerun
The visualizations in this example were created with the following Rerun code.

### Image
The input document is logged as [`Image`](https://www.rerun.io/docs/reference/types/archetypes/image) object to the `Image` entity.
```python
rr.log("Image", rr.Image(coloured_image))
```

### Label mapping

An annotation context is logged with a class ID and a color assigned per layout type using [`AnnotationContext`](https://rerun.io/docs/reference/types/archetypes/annotation_context).

```python
class LayoutType(Enum):
    UNKNOWN = (0, "unknown", Color.Purple)
    TITLE = (1, "title", Color.Red)
    TEXT = (2, "text", Color.Green)
    FIGURE = (3, "figure", Color.Blue)
    FIGURE_CAPTION = (4, "figure_caption", Color.Yellow)
    TABLE = (5, "table", Color.Cyan)
    TABLE_CAPTION = (6, "table_caption", Color.Magenta)
    REFERENCE = (7, "reference", Color.Purple)

>     FOOTER = (7, "footer", Color.Orange)

Reviewer: is it intentional that they both have the same number?
(same in the actual code)

Author: Noo, thanks for noticing. Can you change that? Footer could be 8

Reviewer: k!

    @property
    def number(self):
        return self.value[0]  # Returns the numerical identifier

    @property
    def type(self):
        return self.value[1]  # Returns the type

    @property
    def color(self):
        return self.value[2]  # Returns the color

    @classmethod
    def get_annotation(cls):
        return [(layout.number, layout.type, layout.color) for layout in cls]

def detect_and_log_layout(img_path):
    rr.log(
        "Image",
        # The annotation is defined in the Layout class based on its properties
        rr.AnnotationContext(LayoutType.get_annotation()),

>         timeless=True

Reviewer: deprecated, should be `static`

    )
```

### Detections
The detections include the layout types and the text detections. Both of them are logged as [`Boxes2D`](https://www.rerun.io/docs/reference/types/archetypes/boxes2d) to Rerun.

```python
rr.log(
    base_path,
    rr.Boxes2D(
        array=record['bounding_box'],
        array_format=rr.Box2DFormat.XYXY,
        labels=[str(layout_type.type)],
        class_ids=[str(layout_type.number)]
    ),
    rr.AnyValues(name=record_name),

>     timeless=True

Reviewer: as above

)
```

> In the detection of the text, the detection id and the confidence are given supplementary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, in the detection of the text, the detection id and the confidence are specified.
```

```python
rr.log(
    f"{base_path}/Detections/{detection['id']}",
    rr.Boxes2D(
        array=detection['box'],
        array_format=rr.Box2DFormat.XYXY,
        class_ids=[str(layout_type.number)]
    ),
    rr.AnyValues(
        DetectionID=detection['id'],
        Text=detection['text'],
        Confidence=detection['confidence']
    ),

>     timeless=True

Reviewer: as above

)
```

### Setting up the blueprint

> The blueprint for this example is created by the following code:

Reviewer: a new user has no idea what a blueprint is and what this is going to do. Should write something about that this sets up the viewer layout etc.

```python
rr.send_blueprint(rrb.Blueprint(
        rrb.Vertical(
            rrb.Horizontal(
                rrb.Spatial2DView(name="Layout", origin='Image/', contents=["Image/**"] + detections_paths),
                rrb.Spatial2DView(name="Detections", contents=["Image/**"]),
                rrb.TextDocumentView(name="Recovery", contents='Recovery')
            ),
            rrb.Horizontal(
                *tabs
            ),
            row_shares=[4, 3],
        ),
        collapse_panels=True,
    )
)
```

## Run the code
To run this example, make sure you have the Rerun repository checked out and the latest SDK installed:

> ```bash
> $ pip install --upgrade rerun-sdk  # install the latest Rerun SDK
> $ git clone git@github.com:rerun-io/rerun.git  # Clone the repository
> $ cd rerun
> $ git checkout latest  # Check out the commit matching the latest SDK release
> ```
> Install the necessary libraries specified in the requirements file:
> ```bash
> $ pip install -e examples/python/ocr
> ```
> To experiment with the provided example, simply execute the main Python script:
> ```bash
> $ python -m ocr # run the example
> ```
> If you wish to explore additional features, or save it use the CLI with the `--help` option for guidance:
> ```bash
> $ python -m ocr --help
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
pip install --upgrade rerun-sdk  # install the latest Rerun SDK
git clone git@github.com:rerun-io/rerun.git  # Clone the repository
cd rerun
git checkout latest  # Check out the commit matching the latest SDK release
```
Install the necessary libraries specified in the requirements file:
```bash
pip install -e examples/python/ocr
```
To experiment with the provided example, simply execute the main Python script:
```bash
python -m ocr # run the example
```
If you wish to explore additional features, or save it use the CLI with the `--help` option for guidance:
```bash
python -m ocr --help
```
```
